1. Verify meeting can be scheduled only with members whom are chosen while creating a calendar.
2. Verify the slot durations available are according to the 'Slot duration' field and Intervals between slots are according to 'Slot interval' field
3. Verify there is a buffer duration between each appointment as configured in calendar settings.
4. Verify whether the appointments available for each slot is according to the 'Appointments per slot' in configurations.
5. Verify whether the appointments available for each day is according to the 'Appointments per day' in configurations.
6. Verify whether the user can schedule after the minimum scheduling notice as per the calendar configurations.
7. Verify whether the user can only schedule only during the office hours as per configurations.
8. Verify whether the user can reschedule using "reschedule link" after scheduling if 'Allow Reschedule' is marked.
9. Verify whether the user can cancel using "cancellation link" after scheduling if 'Allow Cancellation' is marked.
10. Verify whether the particular team member gets mail notification if 'Send appointment alert emails to the assigned team member' is marked.
11. Verify whether the custom message is shown after scheduling a appointment if "Custom 'Thank You' message" is clicked and message is entered.
12. Verify whether the page is redirected to the configured URL if 'Form Submit Redirect URL' is selected and URL is configured.
13. Verify whether the calendar auto confirms the appointment if 'Let the calendar auto confirm my appointment' is marked.
14. Verify whether the appointment is scheduled to the member who has high priority even when all other members are available.
15. Verify whether the appointment is scheduled to the member who has medium priority if all other high priority members are busy.
16. Verify whether the appointment is scheduled to the member who has low priority only if all other high priority and medium priority are busy.
17. Verify whether the appointment is scheduled to any of the member if all the members are in same priority.
18. Verify whether the appointment is scheduled based on the meeting location set for the corresponding team members in calendar configuration.
19. Verify the meeting can be scheduled after entering our information such as Name, Phone and Email.
20. Verify after scheduling the appointment, the duration, location and Date & Time & Time zone is displayed.
21. Verify if 'Add to Google calendar' is clicked, then page redirects with all details of appointment is ready to create a calendar appointment in Google.
22. Verify the time zone can be chosen of our choice while creating appointment.
23. Verify if the reschedule link is clicked, the user can able to change the time zone and time slot
24. Verify if 'Optimize for Equal Distribution' is selected, then the appointment is distributed among all the members equally.
25. Verify if the different time zone is chosen while creating a appointment, then the appointment time should be converted to local time zone in application and should show in appointment report.
26. Verify if blocked off time is configured for particular member then if any appointment cannot be scheduled to the particular member.
27. Verify whether the appointment can be booked for a particular calendar and for a particular team member.
